hey guys it's me ruckus so recently I
started em you know I think it just is
it's very small but it's basically like
a fire Rev community it's just a bunch
of the Ryoka squad and you you guys can
both fan art but posts about me or
whatever so the link will be in the
description below and this video is also
not sponsored by me now I just made the
random you know just just for no reason
and you're probably thinking oh yeah
just copying vantastic and yeah I
probably copied fantastic just a little
bit but yeah I can join the Meno
in description below I just need like a
few curators to help me mod the
community so yeah if you are an imino
just DM er whatever if you are part of
me know yeah so hope you guys enjoy me
know it's still in its early stages so I
will expect you know they mean we'll
pull up instantly so yeah thank you guys
so much for watching and I'll see you
guys in the next video